enhance starter doc and script (#34058)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: doc/DataPlaneCodeGeneration/AzureSDKGeneration_Prerequistites.md

> # Prerequisites

Reviewer: This file should include first time steps for a brand new package.

Author: I added the typespec project setup and sdk project folder setup in prequiesties.md

# Prerequisites

## Runtime Environment

- Install Visual Studio 2022 (Community or higher) and make sure you have the [latest updates](https://www.visualstudio.com/).
  - Need at least .NET Framework 4.6.1 and 4.7 development tools
  - Install the **.NET Core cross-platform development** workloads in Visual Studio
- Install **.NET 6.0 SDK** for your specific platform. (or a higher version)
- Install the latest version of [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- Install [PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell), version 7 or higher.

> - Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) (16.x.x or above).

Author: The node version is not frequently changed.  

>>How do we ensure they always remain current with the other repo?
What's other repo? other language SDK repo?  This is to tell the node version we needed.

## Setup Typespec project

Make sure you have typespec project in [azure-rest-api-specs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs) repo or you can follow [Typespec Getting Started](https://github.com/microsoft/typespec/#using-node--npm) to initialize your typespec project, and refer to [Typespec Structure Guidelines](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/main/documentation/cadl-structure-guidelines.md) to configure your typespec project.

> 

Author: The script work for both private and public repo. I will clear it as .Net sdk repo, and as azure-sdk-for-net as an example.

> ## Setup SDK Project Folder
> 
> We will generate SDK library under SDK project folder `sdk\<servie name>\<package name>` of `azure-sdk-for-net` repo. e.g. /home/azure-sdk-for-net/sdk/anomalydetector/Azure.AI.AnomalyDetector).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Set up SDK Project Folder

We will generate the SDK library under SDK project folder `sdk\<service name>\<package name>` of `azure-sdk-for-net` repo. e.g. /home/azure-sdk-for-net/sdk/anomalydetector/Azure.AI.AnomalyDetector).
```
